Yeah
This sermon is brought to you by Buford Road Baptist Church.
the speaker today is Pastor Tony Kahoot
Beloved, we're gathered here in the presence of God.
And then the company.
Of Neil and Vicki.
So that they may be united in holy matrimony.
And we're here to celebrate this glorious act of God.
That he is about to perform
This relationship is honorable and sacred
And established by our creator.
It is designed to unite two sympathies and hopes into one.
And it rests upon the mutual confidence and devotion
Of husband and wife.
And so,
Neil, I'm going to ask you.
If you will.
To repeat after me.
In the presence of God,
The presence of God and these witnesses, these witnesses.
I joyfully receive you.
John, you see,
As God's perfect gift for me.
It is God's perfect gift.
By the power of the holy spirit
I promise to love you
Like God loves me.
To pursue.
And to preserve oneness.
The city of Pajargaun is...
To seek and grant forgiveness.
Grant forgiven.
And to die to myself daily.
I will respect you.
Support you.
In the good times.
And the bad,
Forsaking all others,
As long as we both shall live.
I'm thinking I'm going to ask you to repeat after me.
Okay
In the presence of God,
And these witnesses.
I joyfully receive you. I joyfully receive you.
as God's perfect gift for me.
By the power of the holy spirit
I promise to love you.
Like God loves me.
To pursue and preserve oneness.
Pursue.
We are at that part.
To pursue
Temperature.
And preserve. And preserve. Oneness. Oneness.
To seek,
And and to grant.
And to grant forgiveness. Forgiveness.
And to die to myself daily.
But to not to myself daily.
I will respect you I will respect you
And support you. And support you.
In the good times. In the good times. In the bad. In the bad.
Forsaking all others, forsaking all of us as long as we both shall live, as long as we both shall live.
Who has a ring to give to this woman?
Thank you, sir.
Neil, I'm going to ask you to take this ring, place it on her ring finger.
Hold it there and repeat after me.
First thing, I put it on her finger. We got the wrong ring.
I got the wrong.
Okay.
I don't know if it's okay it's okay
At least we got it. You got the train. You got the train.
Put it on her ring finger.
Oh
I did not do nothing
I'm going to be good.
Yeah.
Hold it there.
And I want you to...
Here, put it in your hand.
So bouldering, bouldering.
We didn't have a rehearsal.
But...
Hold the ring. This whole ring both hands. I got it. Okay. Okay.
Thicky, I give you this ring.
Vicki I give you this ring
As a symbol,
Have a good summer.
Of our vows.
And with all that I am,
All that I am.
And all that I have.
I honor you.
In the name of the Father,
In the name of the Father.
And of the sun,
and of the Son.
and of the Holy Spirit.
Holy Spirit.
Who has a ring to give to this man?
If you take this ring, place it on his ring finger, hold it there, repeat after me.
We have to talk down the sides.
It's okay.
We're good enough.
Okay
All right.
Don't let it fall off now all right okay
Vicki, I want you to repeat after me.
Neil, I give you this ring.
New.
I give you this ring
As a symbol of our vows.
I've got the house
And with all that I am.
And with all that I am,
I honor you. I honor you.
In the name of the Father, and the Son, and the Holy Spirit.
And the holy spirit
Face me
Amen. Father, I thank you for your goodness and your grace, and I pray for this family. Amen.
I thank you, Lord, that they both know you as their personal Savior.
I thank you God that you have given them both a church, a pastor, friends,
I pray, Lord, now their ministries together.
Will embrace one another that you will use them both for your honor and glory
We're reminded of the words that without you we can do nothing.
But we can do all things through you. Amen.
And so God, we commit this family to you.
Thank you for their friendship, the joy.
And the ministries we share together.
Bless their marriage.
Let it be long and fruitful.
In Jesus name.
Amen. Amen. A turn in faith congregation.
And now let me be the first.
To introduce to you
Mr. and Mrs..
Neil.
I'm fine. You're my pistol.
Step to the left, step to the left.
You're welcome.
God bless you, man.
2. Listen to Pastor Tony Kahoot 3.
For more information, visit our website at bufordrodebaptistchurch.com